How's it going, Vegan Cheetah.
I just want to say on behalf of the whole
online vegan community that we miss you so
much, and we're thinking about you.
And you know what?
Life is full of these problems, and you are
definitely going to smash through this one.
Hey, it's John from Vegan Health Fitness.
Vegan Cheetah, we need you, mate.
Who's gonna make Mark Lobliner second-guess
his ethics?
Who's gonna troll supermarket customers to
get their take on eating meat?
We need people who spice it up in this youtube
community.
All the other vegan channels, they all have
their unique perspective.
We need your perspective.
What's going on Vegan Cheetah?
Please get off the fucking shit, A.S.A.P.,
bro.
I need you, we need you, the girl at the 7-11
down the road needs you, bro.
The vegan community needs you.
I'm really going to miss your videos for the
while that you're gone.
But, as far as needing our support, and being
in rehab, I don't think you need it at all.
I think you're a trooper, and you're going
to pull out of it just fine, like you always
do.
We want you to come back, we want you to fight
the good fight, because you do it so well.
I know so many white, male, human Americans,
who are victims, and it's pretty fucking pathetic.
But you, as a while, male, human in America,
are not a victim.
You're taking action in your life and you
wanna get better.
I really, really admire and respect that.
And I hope you're having fun in rehab, and
I can't wait for you to get out, like Nicole
Richie when she made her big comeback, when
she was like, "I'm back, bitches".
You know, there's a Vegan Cheetah shaped hole
in the vegan community, bro, and we need you
back, mate.
And, yeah, it's like a chair missing one of
the legs.
It's like, fuck, we've only got three legs
on this chair!
Joey's gonna fall, ow!
Where's the Vegan Cheetah?
Ah!
Stay strong, stay vegan, stay sober.
You can fucking do this bro.
I know for a fact that the work that you're
doing on Youtube is powerful.
It cannot be measured.
You got thousands of people subscribed to
you, watching your videos, and the people
that they then go on inspire, that can't be
measured.
You're a tremendous asset to the community,
and I, for one, am looking forward to having
you back on Youtube, doing what you do best.
And you won't step down, because people are
offended by your words.
We're helping the animals on the planet.
We're helping people.
And there aren't enough Youtubers doing that.
It doesn't surprise me, because, I'm not trying
to say that crazy people are brilliant, but
some of the most brilliant people on this
planet, [like] Einstein, were a little insane.
Sometimes you have to go a little crazy at
some point.
And we need you around.
We need more strong, vegan male warriors to
represent this under-carbed starvation nation.
And so we know you're gonna push through with
this rehab thing.
I know you've been through far worse.
And if this is the worst, and this is the
lowest, then (you know what?)
I know you're gonna push through with it.
We've all had our struggles in life.
And I just felt really honored that you were
so open with us about yours.
I just wanted to assure you that your youtube
subscribers aren't going anywhere.
And that is because you have the guts to walk
up to randoms in a grocery store, ask them
about the meat they're buying and educate
them about veganism.
That is just so entertaining and it's so inspiring,
and we can't wait to have you back.
We all go through this kind of shit, man.
Different people, different things, but…
for me it was weed.
It took me a while, bro.
I remember I used to convince myself that
I wasn't even addicted to it.
Even years after I stopped, I would think
about it, like, "Yeah, but now I can go back,
though".
Always, bro.
It's allright, bro, it's human nature.
You know what to do, you just got to do it,
bro.
We need you to do it, bro.
Peace, man.
This is a message of reckless optimism and
encouragement going out to the Vegan Cheetah.
I've got the same message for him that he
gives to everyone else: quit everything that
makes you weak.
Whether that's quitting meat, quitting smoking,
quitting drugs, quitting video-games or quitting
making excuses for yourself.
That's the core of the guy's message, I'm
bringing that message to you, and I'm wishing
him the best.
Man, when you get out of rehab, I'm still
going to be able to bench-press more than
your candy-ass.
But that doesn't stop us from making those
"Vegan Gains"… okay.
I don't have the guns like certain people,
but I'm still gonna pretend like that kind
of was, like, the right thing to say at that
moment.
I, actually, I really wrote that, look.
See, "make those vegan gains".
I actually wrote, "Okay, no", because I knew
that it wasn't going to work in my favor.